I feel really escorted. Thank you, uncle.
You are welcome to come to our mall to have tea.
It’s really a big deal. What's wrong with you.
The gold tube is measured. You are here to work.
Not included in the inspection. Don't say that.
This is not relaxing enough. No no no no.
I didn't mean that. Come back to me.
In my heart. Now, as a senior security guard, there is no need for you to be so angry with me.
Don't worry. I definitely will.
I must have mistaken him. Others are little men.
I didn't come. No, no, no. today
If nothing happens
Are you going to do your work first?
good good good
Then I'll leave first
Okay, you don’t want to talk
What do you think? Sit down. Sit down.
Then he finished eating
That's the little money I made myself
Specially administer blood sugar drops to ensure that everything you eat is fine
It smells so good. Xiaolan is so delicious.
This is the shopping card issued by our merchant
Use him to buy things and beat him up
You two go up again
I'm an old man who doesn't buy anything.
Small benefits provided by this company
This can't be in vain
Don't understand
What do you think of me?